Add face recognition and license plate recognition to settings UI (#17152)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/face_recognition.md

title: Face Recognition
---

> Face recognition allows known people to be created and assigned faces. When a known person is recognized their name will be added as a `sub_label`. This information is included in the UI, filters, as well as in notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Face recognition identifies known individuals by matching detected faces with previously learned facial data. When a known person is recognized, their name will be added as a `sub_label`. This information is included in the UI, filters, as well as in notifications.
```
